### 2018-05-16
#### May 16, 2018

So, things are a little more free to move forward up until this point, because a sort of minimum
viable version of the navigation has been written and I'm reasonably confident in the kinematics
that we're now using. As a result, I think there's sort of four paths that we can take moving
forward, and quite frankly, all of them should probably be moved forward. In particular these are:

  - __Documentation:__ Obviously, documentation is super important, and it's been a little bit slacked
    on up until this point. Not terrible (especially because no one but me has been reading it),
    but on the off chance that someone else decides that they want to understand what's going on,
    I'd like for them to be able to do so with more or less minimal effort. In particular, I'm
    thinking about ways to use _cargo doc_ a little bit more. However, I'm not sure if/how I can
    mix that with the gitbook documentation method that I've been using up until this point, which
    I really like.

  - __Advanced kinematics/simulation elements:__ At the moment, a lot of the simulation aspects in terms
    kinematics, calculation of acceleration, and dead reckoning/direct integration of the program is
    idealized. It would be great to add things like adding elements to State or creating a new class
    like "Robot" or "Craft" or would allow elements like drag area, centers of mass, motor response to
    acceleration requests, etc. to be integrated into the motion simulation.

  - __Navigation methodology__: At the moment, we're still sort of assuming that the goal is to figure out
    a way to hit all of the assigned points in an equally weighted, conservative environment (no points
    are worth more than others if they get hit, and movement to a point along any two paths of equal distance
    cost the same). Even within that framework, different search methodologies can be explored, and if some
    points are worth more than others or we decide that it's not a conservative environment, that will change
    the problem. Plus, we're assuming we know the location of all points to begin with, which might be untrue
    if we are developing a mesh using on-board computer vision at some point or something.

  - __Data visualization and analysis__: Right now certain aspects of this motion are fairly easy to see, but
    we want to do more at some point in the future, or need more for troubleshooting? Having additional
    capabilities on the back-end of things would make analyzing log files and determining performance easier.
