### 2018-06-15
#### June 15, 2018

I would really like to get some nice 3D movement right now, but my notes yesterday say that I'm supposed
to use my better judgment and make sure that the unit tests for 2D motion are all nice and implemented
before I move into anything else. Correctness first, then features, I guess. Last Night Gus, I mean, Chris
had it right. So that's most of the game plan for today.

Got the set of unit tests written for proving correctness of kinematic travel along the x-axis. This really
just proves similarity to the analytical solution based on an arbitrary error calculation, although I guess
it would also be possible to write a test proving that convergence occurs as the timestep is decreased,
although I just did it manually and it behaves as expected.
TO_DO: Write unit test proving convergence of solution based on timestep

Now that's done, I guess we can move onto writing more stuff to the log.
Okay, lots of stuff got written to the log file, but the harder part looks like it's going to be actually
parsing that to be something meaningful. We can pretty easily do this with the elbow grease approach in
the python script, where I just find the important columns and plot those, but I'd really like to be
able to parse the first line where the columns are titled and then manipulate the columns from there.

Actually, that didn't take as long as I thought it would. It might not be the most elegant way to do it,
but I think it'll work for now and be relatively easy to extend. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ A little bit more commenting
got done, too, although documentation is of course an on-going effort.

Alright, here we go. These updates are getting pushed, then onto implementing 3D!

In order, we're going to move down the list in the kinematics_lib file, converting everything to 3D, then
main.rs, then tests. I do need to decide what to do with update_position and trend_speed_towards_zero, though.
New corresponding functions for the zaxis will either need to be written, or will need to get worked into those
already existing ones.
