### 2018-05-19
#### May 19, 2018

Hi there! Okay, I think we've made some progress, although none of it's been
in nav_and_whimsy proper, but have been more offline in the sub-modules. I
started off working in 2D again, and got some gains for both the xy-plane
positional and yaw-direction SMDs. I then took those gains, and transferred
them into a 3D stable locus simulation (basically, I copied the entire
nav_and_whimsy directory, then cut out most of the stuff that wasn't going to
be used for being stable for a single point in three dimensions).

That part was a little bit more complicated, since I moved a bunch of stuff
around. Here's a couple of the major changes:
  - xy-plane travel and z-axis travel are now pretty strongly DE-coupled. The
    only real point of touch between them is when the desired yaw is being
    found, but for SMD behaviors and error criteria, the two should be seperate
    from this point moving forward. Now, this isn't technically necessary-
    it should be possible incorporate the three of them into a framework where
    none of the axes are treated preferentially, but it complicates things more
    than a little for building stability, since it becomes more difficult to
    actually troubleshoot if any of the contributing functions have errors in
    them; i.e. if the pitch calculation turns out to be messed up, while the
    yaw calculation is perfect, the resulting behavior is much more difficult to
    efficiently investigate. Since I'm breaking things all over the damn place
    anyway, I'm choosing ease over elegance for the moment.

    TO_DO: Make it elegant. Easy, right?

  - The SMD's are now inside of the travel loops, which means that the gains
    can be treated as functions rather than as constants! Sounds like a pretty
    simple thing, right? No! This is huge, because now gains themselves can be
    based on much more complicated criteria, particularly the error functions
    for pretty much all DoF. Although, of course, there's some difficult stuff
    there for actually figuring out which expressions to use, this seriously
    opens up some fun optimization problems and math. Already, I've found a
    decent range of stable gains that make it quick to hit an initial point.

Next steps from here are really just to transfer all of that progress into the
nav_and_whimsy repo proper, although the stability of multi-point meshes is
still hardly guaranteed, so maybe a little more work there first.
I'll hopefully have some neat screenshots to add to that. That's all for now! 
