### 2018-05-16
#### May 16, 2018

Alright, so a new iteration of the control is up, and I think that this version
is a bit closer to a realistic version, with kinematics that are, well,
actually kinematic. Still not sure about the yaw and pitch controls, though;
the 2D stable locus code that I was using kept saying that the yaw was above and
below +/- 360 degrees, and all my attempts to change that such that we ended up,
well, not there, ended up messing with the turns and giving really weird
results. As a result, not super certain about that, and it bears looking into
more. However, everything else seems to be going a bit better.

Tests need to be implemented for the make-the-point-true-if-we've-touched-it
functionality. I messed up on that for a little today, and it could've taken a
lot longer to find that error, plus I guess maybe get some points for elegance?

Pitch controls are pretty bad. In fact, maybe it's not pitch, maybe it's just
the entire approach the the z-axis right now, I'm not entirely sure. Obviously,
things are a bit in flux right now. I'm probably going to keep out of the actual
nav_and_whimsy project for a while longer, and keep sticking to the woodshed.

Also; the code needs to be commented more! Obviously, we're sort of in
root-canal mode right now, but since I'm making commits to an actual repo, the
correct practice here (and the one I'd want to see if it wasn't just me
contributing to this project) is that anything that gets submitted to an
official repository and not a local branch has proper documentation submitted
at time of commit. 
