### 2018-06-16
#### June 16, 2018

And, I guess we're back. Yesterday we got the log file improved, added a unit test or two, and did a little
update for the Python backend, which I'm pleased to say actually seems to be working fairly well at the
moment. Still, probably something to keep an eye on. I'm sure there's probably a better way to write it
the way that I'm doing it.

So, I've gotten started on implementing some motion in 3D. I initially started working in the library, then
tried moving into main() to check that I was getting the behavior that I expected. That's where things got a
little hairy. First of all, I was _NOT_ getting the behavior that I was expecting. Changing the gains on the
z_smd drastically changed my movement, and in several cases even sent it into infinite behavior spikes for
gains that were, at least on the surface, not unreasonable. I think that part of this was my decision to try
this out in main(). During my initial 2D motion, this was acceptable, because main() was a super simple,
time based function with more or less a single desired point. However, it's become more complicated; the
behaviors for searching a grid don't necessarily match the behavior that is being investigated to make sure
that the new functions are working correctly.

As a result, I think a more appropriate approach to doing this would probably be to establish a sort of
minimum viable behavior test case, where theres:
  - one 'current' State
  - one 'desired' State (and possibly a corresponding Point)
  - the SMDs for xy, z, and yaw
  - time = 0 and iterator
  - some calculation for assert_eq!() that will check if the result is correct

At the very least, I think that this will make it easier to identify faulty behavior functions in the future,
and for now can serve as a testbed for the increase to 3 DOF.

Currently in the middle of re-writing the unit tests for trend_speed_towards_zero(). 
