### 2018-05-06
#### May 6, 2018

First work log. Obviously, the commit log can be viewed to see actual changes,
but there's a few major things from today.
- First, an effort to validate the functionality of the core components has been
  started, in the form of a test module. Tests should be written for functions
  moving forward.
- Documentation has been more meaningfully begun, and additions are expected to
  be more regular, although as always, it's likely to a "time will tell" sort of
  thing
- Stability of a 3D locus has been generally achieve (but is NOT yet extremely
  resilient), and is consistently displaying overdamped behavior that makes
  actually passing through the waypoints to achieve 'searched' status difficult
- The formerly usize-based array has been replaced by a Point-struct based
  vector of arbitrary length and population. This should be more useful for
  specifying search methods in the future.

Okay, quick update. I lied. The 3D locus stability is really not there. It's
really buggy, and I'm not sure why. Even when the SMDs for yaw and pitch
are disabled, I'm still getting movement in those axes. Which, you know,
shouldn't be happening. So back to the drawing board. Probably not going to have
any updates for a bit, since the 3D locus is in a separate project.

Game plan moving forward is to work offline there, and once that's figured out,
migrate it back into this repository. The main differences between the locus-3D
repo and nav_and_whimsy should just be in main.rs. As a result, both the
kinematics_lib and tests.rs should be able to be migrated back to nav_and_whimsy
without having any breaking changes there.

In the future, I'm guessing this is one of those times when creating a branch
separate from the master would make sense, but since it's just me at the moment,
who really cares?
